Typing Practice App User Stories:

Client:
1. User can forgo logging into account by playing as a guest. 
2. User can select a practice time length (1 min, 3 min, 5 min).
3. Upon selecting time length, user can press 'Start Practice' to begin the session.
4. User can see a countdown timer displaying time left in session.
5. Upon starting the session, the user can see a paragraph of text displayed.
6. Upon starting the session, user can begin typing in the input box (which overlays the displayed text).
7. User can see correctly typed words (green), and incorrect words (red) as they type.
8. User to use backspace to correct words that they missed.
9. User can view live stats for key accuracy, successful and unsuccessful attempts.
10. User can hear sounds indicating good and bad key strokes.
11. On ending the session, user can view words per minute achieved (1 'word' defined as 5 successful characters) and other stats. 
12. If playing as a guest, user will be prompted to create account when practice stats are displayed.

Backend:
1. User can create an account (w/ email verification), or sign into the app via their Google account.  
2. User can see high scores achieved by others / themselves for selected time format.
3. User stats page will display cumulative performance stats from all practice sessions.
4. User can reset password via email.

User Experience Walkthru with guest account:
1. User clicks link to application and is delivered to the 'Staging' Page. 
2. If the user is not logged in, a modal will appear giving the option to create or log into an account.
3. User can click 'play as guest' to close the modal.
4. User selects Time format (1, 3, 5 minutes) and can view the highest achieved WPM below.
5. Once ready to type, the user can press 'Start Practice' to be redirected to the 'Practice' page.
6. On redirection to the Practice page, the textbox will be disabled and opaque with a 5 second visual and aural countdown displayed.
7. On countdown completion, the textbox will be focused on, the typing text will appear, and the time countdown will start.
8. On typing a correct word or character, the typed character will go from default color to green. If typed incorrectly, it will turn red.
9. On reaching the end of the line, the text input box will scroll up to remain at a consistant height.
10. User will be able to see live typing stats and remaining time above the input box.
11. At the end of a session, a modal will pop up with session statistics, an offer to play again or return to the Staging page and a offer to create an account.


TODO ISSUES:
1. Hitting error while focused refreshes page and loses progress. FIX LAST, useful for now!
2. If you complete a word, add an extra incorrect at the end (strikethru present) and then hit spacebar,  the word is falsy displayed as
   correct.
3. errorCounter ref increments whenever space bar is pressed.
4. Grouped words (like "New Hampshire") don't work right now. Maybe once space bar functionality is working?

PROJECT GOALS 04.11.23:
1. Design page layout and create / style Component skeletons.
2. Create words.js, which will store various type practice options (such as the 50 states) and API request to random word generator.
3. Implement Staging componenet, which allows user to select from words.js.
